Initial attempt at docs (#3696)
RoboJackets/apiary: docs/members/access-override.rst

Access Override
===============

> As a new RoboJackets member, you can request temporary access to RoboJackets services without paying dues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a new RoboJackets member, you can request temporary access to RoboJackets services (such as GitHub and Google Drive) before paying dues.
```
